[C#] Implement new Concept Exercise: nullability (#992)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/nullability/.docs/hints.md

### General

The following reference documentation may help you finishing this exercice:

- [Null keyword][null-keyword]: reference documentation for `null` keyword.
- [Nullable types tutorial][nullable-types-tutorial]: basic tutorial on how to work with nullable types.
- [Nullable reference types][nullable-reference-types]: how to use nullable reference types.
- [Null-coalescing operator][null-coalescing-operator]: explains how the null-coalescing operator works.
- [Null-conditional operator][null-conditional-operator]: explains how the null-conditional operator works.
- [Nullable reference types tutorial][nullable-reference-types-tutorial]: tutorial on nullable reference types.

### 1. Badge.Label

* Which method from the `string` class may help you making the
   department name [uppercase][toupper]?

### 2. Badge.Label optional parameters

* Do not forget to add `GUEST` as the department name if there's no
   provided department name.

### 2. Badge.PrintLabel

* Which method from the `string` class may help you to extract a
   [substring][substring]
   of a string?

> * Do all slices always have the same length? If not, how to handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do all slices always have the same length? If not, how can you handle
```
